# type-single-page
 I have decide it to work with the font LAB DJR by David Jonathan Ross,During this process of making my LAB DJR font website, I encountered many obstacles that completely stalled me. I was on the verge of giving up, but I persevered and achieved my goal. During this course I decided to work with this font because it caught my attention a lot, since I am a big fan of the matrix movies. While working on this project I could see that this font had a lot of potential when it came to illustrating everything you can do with it. In this project we include a little about its history. A little about how it can be used and everything you can do with it. In the hero section I was able to make the letters have animation thanks to the help of my teacher Lara Henderson, who was very patient since I didn't know much about these programs. We use programs called Visual studio code, HTML and CSS, where I was able to complete this wonderful website. I was able to include what the alphabet is and the numbers one to ten so that the audience could see the different variations and some of the many symbols that are in this font family. This is a font that inspires me a lot of peace, I decided to use and replicate the times of the first computers, which only had green and pixelated letters. This font undoubtedly took a lot of work but in the end, I think it was worth it not to give up. This font is also an inspiration of my kids since my daughters and son are the driving force of my life
